Hahaha Zhao family head
Chairperson Zhu
Governor
I didn't expect to see the three of you here
And presumably all three of you.
Come and see Lord Long Shuai
That's right, when Long Shuai returns, he should do his best
Zhou Xiaowei, aren't you too?
I heard that Zhou Gongzi was immediately arrested
Promoted to General Protector of Lake Province
So happy and hateful
I just follow the orders of Lord Phoenix Monkey
Without his strategizing and taking control of the situation
Then I'm afraid I would have become a kingdom slave long ago to catch the ball
There will be no chance of promotion
Follow the right boss for a bright future
Not everyone is like a phoenix monkey
At a young age, he was awarded great deeds downstairs
War Drum Shuokin
What a rainbow
That's true.
However, the gate of this Heaven Dou Skylark
Why hasn't it opened yet?
Because of the gate of the Heaven's Dou Skylark
Only if Heaven Dou is not handsome can it be opened.
Without his permission
Even Lord Feng Ming Hou has to be like us
Wait here
If you can see Tiandoulong Shuai
It's worth waiting for three days and three nights
Move over!
Linze
What are you doing here as a bottom-up trash?
Get out of here, sir
This is our guy.
Just found it.
It seems that his relationship with the Heaven Dou Legion is not trivial
People who are closely related to Heaven Dou in this world
There were very few.
Now even Lord Lian Zhen, who is in a high position in Heaven Dou
Also bow down to him
Who is he?
Could it be that you got the news?
Sir, he is now in the Tiandou Cloud Circle